# ML-in-medical-care-feild
These years, with artificial intelligence and machine learning becoming the hotspot of research, several applications have emerged in each of these areas. It exists not only as a kind of academic frontier but also something close to our life. In this trend, the combination of medical care and machine learning becomes more and more tighter. 
The proposal of its main idea also greatly elevated the existing situation of unbalanced medical distribution and resources train.
Today, machine learning is helping to streamline administrative processes in hospitals, map and treat infectious diseases and personalize medical treatments. With the help of machine learning, Quotient Health developed software that aims to “reduce the cost of supporting EMR [electronic medical records] systems” by optimizing and standardizing the way those systems are designed. The goal is improved care at a lower cost.
Machine learning and data science combined with advanced laboratory technology are helping recent startup insitro develop drugs with the goal of more quickly curing patients at a lower cost.
The doctor must register to access the data. While registering he/she requires a valid email and mobile number for further communication. Once the doctor registers, the admin can activate the customer data. Once the admin activates the customer data then the customer can login into our system with which view-patient data can be accessed.
Based on patient’s symptoms, medication and treatment will be recommended.
The patient must register to access the data. While registering he requires a valid email and mobile number for further communication. Once the patient registers, the admin can activate the customer data. 
Once the admin activates the customer data then the customer can login into our system with which view-patient data can be accessed. Based on patient’s symptoms, medication and treatment will be recommended.
Admin can login with the given credentials. After logging in, admin can activate doctor's login. Only the activated users can access the application. The admin can add new data to the dataset. So, this data user can perform the testing process. Admin can get predictions from svm algorithm and decision tree.
